Add 4.5 upgrade Navigation notes (#11311)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/migrating/upgrading_to_godot_4.5.rst

    the shortest arc between the two input vectors. Previously, it would return incorrect values for certain inputs
    (`GH-107618`_).

Navigation
~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

>     NavigationServer regions now by default update async using threads to improve performance.
>     This can cause additional delay in the update due to thread synchronisation.
>     The async region update can be toggled with the ``navigation/world/region_use_async_iterations`` project setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, the regions in a NavigationServer regions now update asynchronously using threads to improve performance.
    This can cause additional delay in the update due to thread synchronisation.
    The asynchronous region update can be toggled with the ``navigation/world/region_use_async_iterations`` project setting.
```
Is it one, or more than one update, too?

.. note::

>     NavigationServer navmesh merging has changed processing order as regions now merge and
>     cache internal navmesh first before remaining free edges are merged by the navigation map.
>     If a project had navigation map synchronisation errors before it might now have shifted
>     affected edges making already existing errors in a layout more noticeable in the pathfinding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The merging of navmeshes in the NavigationServer has changed processing order. Regions now merge and cache
    internal navmeshes first, then the remaining free edges are merged by the navigation map.
    If a project had navigation map synchronisation errors before, it might now have shifted
    affected edges, making already existing errors in a layout more noticeable in the pathfinding.
```

>     The ``navigation/2d_or_3d/merge_rasterizer_cell_scale`` project setting can be used at a lower value
>     to increase the detail of the rasterization grid (with 0.01 being the smallest cell size possible).
>     If a navigation mesh edge merge error still persists with the lowest possible rasterization scale value
>     the error is caused by overlap, e.g. two navmeshes stacked on top of each other causing geometry conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``navigation/2d_or_3d/merge_rasterizer_cell_scale`` project setting can be set to a lower value
    to increase the detail of the rasterization grid (with `0.01` being the smallest cell size possible).
    If edge merge errors still persist with the lowest possible rasterization scale value,
    the error may be caused by overlap: two navmeshes are stacked on top of each other, causing geometry conflict.
```
Or similar.
